# CS250-SprintRetro

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
The best way to interpret user (or client) needs is by establishing open and ongoing communication with the user during the development process.  This communication with the user should involve asking a lot of clarifying questions to get at the specific requests and desires for the final product and should continue as the work is being done. Having the requests be as specific as possible allows for the creation of user stories that are also specific, which aids the developer in creating a finished product that is as close as possible to the desired outcome.  User stories also allow the work for the final product to be broken down into manageable time-boxed chunks that can be completed within a single sprint.  As the different user stories are completed, the developer can go back to the user and show them a working program and continue communication by getting feedback on the individual user stories.  This continuous process ultimately leads to a high quality deliverable final product.

# How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
The main agile process I hope to incorporate in my future development work is the use of user stories to break down projects into smaller pieces.  I think that taking a large project and dividing it up into discrete tasks is an extremely efficient way to get work done.  It also seems very satisying to turn your project into a series of "To-Do" type tasks that can be checked off and that give a sense of accomplishment as the work is getting done.  I also like the agile process of having a daily scrum meeting to communicate with the development team.  This seems like a great way to discuss work that's being done and get help when needed.  A kanban board will also be helpful for future projects as a focal point for communication about a project as work is being added, completed, or updated.

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
I think being a good team member in software developement (or any other field) is all about being respectful, carrying your weight, and communicating productively with your team members.  Being respectful means being flexible in dealing with different personalities and opinions and trying to always keep an open mind.  Carrying your weight means making sure you get your work done on time and always doing your best to make sure you are a productive member of the team.  Communicating productively means offering to help when needed and providing meaningful feedback in the scope of getting the work done in the best way possible. Specifically in software development, these qualities of being a good team member can be applied to the scrum process for effective communication in the development of any software project.  Collaborating effectively with team members will lead to the best possible final product being delivered to the customer.
